[chore] Accessible links 3 (#6051)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/zero-code/python/logs-example.md

> There is a logs bridge API; however, it is different from the Traces and
> Metrics API, because it's not used by application developers to create logs.
> Instead, they would use this bridge API to setup log appenders in the standard

> > language-specific logging libraries. See
> > [Logs API](/docs/specs/otel/logs/api/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> language-specific logging libraries. For more information, see
> [Logs API](/docs/specs/otel/logs/api/).
```

    logging.getLogger().error("This is a log message")
```

> Grab a copy of the
> [OTel Collector configuration](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/blob/main/docs/examples/logs/otel-collector-config.yaml),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open and copy the
[otel-collector-config.yaml](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/blob/main/docs/examples/logs/otel-collector-config.yaml) example, 
```
